Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Whoo-hoo!
G-a-b. hey! G-a-b. hey!
It's so much soul
Who's got the souls
of Rolling Stones?
On the road that's cold
What do we do? We G-a-b
With the groove. with the vibe
With the rhythm completely
Jump on the mike. I bet
We got soul. and don't you forget it
So come. come. come.
come. come again
I'm rocking on the mike
So much soul
We're young. we're hip
Get up. get up. get up.
get up. get up...
Come on. man. Let's go.
We've got soul
Uh. uh. uh. uh-huh
I got it. you got it
He's got soul
Here we go. here we go
You got it
1. 2. here we go again
Your mouth's ready to blow again
Making sure. jack...
"Reihi was a Taniwha.
"She lived at the bottom
of a huge lake.
"She spent most of her time
"taking care of a greenstone wall.
"The wall stopped the water
"from flooding over the people
"who lived by Reihi's lake.
"Once a month. the people would bring
"a huge piece of greenstone
to help Reihi keep the wall strong. "
especially if you drive around
the big towns. people.
Hope you love my wife. you know...
I was just checking out
the weather situation.
A few showers as well
and light winds at first.
but it's going to be getting better
throughout the day and the night...
A bit of cloud
and a bit of rain as well.
People. I've just had
a phone call from Darren.
Now. apparently. Darren's
just lost his girlfriend.
Brother...
I'd say we are in business. my man.
What's happening. everybody?
Aah!
Settle down!
"Then the children
would run and laugh
as they collected all the fish
Reihi had left for them. "
Was it a good story. kids?
Well. I liked it.
No. It's dumb.
What's a Taniwha?
It's a creature
that looks after people.
Where the fuck is everyone?!
What are you doing home?
I got something for you.
Come on. Hu. let's go!
Go on. open it.
What do you reckon. kids?
- Yeah!
Oh. yum!
- Oh. Jake!
- Look at all the kai moana!
Bloody oceans of the stuff!
- I'm hungry!
- Me. too!
Go on. kids. Grab some.
Take it outside.
Come on. Hu.
Got to eat them outside.
Where the fuck you off to?
Come have a feed. boy.
No.
Fuck him.
Jake. not on the table. hon.
Oh. why not? I want a feed.
Well. the kids might come in.
Well. what about the chair?
Remember?
So...
where did all the seafood come from?
I got lucky.
I got laid off.
What?
Whoa. whoa. woman. Let me finish.
Jake Heke. you've got
a family to feed.
- You've got bills.
- Look. I've signed up for the dole.
It's only 17 bucks a week
less than my wages.
Well. don't look like that.
It's not the end of the world.
What about our house?
We got a house.
and the government ain't
going to kick us out.
The rent's cheap.
I want us to have
our own home. Jake.
Damn you. We can't make
bloody ends meet as it is.
Forget the bloody house.
Let's talk about the bedroom.
Oh. don't. Jake!
You fucking got to spoil
everything. don't you?
Fuck you!
Ooh. yeah. ooh. yeah. ooh. yeah
Scoo da da do wa oh
Ooh. I left this mark
on this world
Ooh. yeah. ooh. yeah. ooh. yeah
Scoo da da do wa oh
Yo. Toot.
Yo. G.
What you up to?
Oh. you know. a bit
of this and the other.
You never know when
the Queen might drop by.
Well. if she does.
here's something to feed her.
Bloody Santa Claus!
Do you think we'll ever
get out of here. Toot?
I don't know.
Maybe.
You know. when I'm old enough
to get the dole.
I might just do this baby up
and drive on out.
Can I come. too?
Of course. You're my best mate.
Hey. Gracie. did you
bring your book?
Oh. I forgot.
I just finished a new story. too.
but I can remember most of it.
Choice!
The story was about a Taniwha.
Do you know what a Taniwha is?
Well. Reihi was a Taniwha.
She lived at the bottom
of this lake.
Now. she spent most of her time
looking after this huge
greenstone wall.
The wall stopped the water
from flooding over the people
who lived by Reihi's lake.
Once a month. the people would bring...
Beth Heke?
What now?
Been keeping bad company.
Was that before or after
you picked him up?
So what's the charge?
Oh. he's lucky this time.
Two older boys stole the car.
He's just hanging around
with the wrong crowd.
Still. it's not going
to look good tomorrow
when he appears in court
on those other charges.
You think you know everything
about us. don't you?
It's my job.
Is she a Taniwha. Mom?
No. son.
Well. we'll leave
Boogie with you. then.
- Mark.
- Pardon?
My son's name is Mark.
Well. that's not
the name he gave us.
You get those lonely. lonely
Lonely. lonely blues
When you're on your own.
Mm-hmm
So all you've got to do
Is call up on the phone
No need to be alone.
Mm-hmm
And if you lose your way
And you've got nowhere to go...
The usual.
What's your fucking problem?
Check that out. bro.
The man can sure pack a punch.
He's been behind bars. I bet.
Yeah. right. Bloody zoo.
If I wanted to drink with women.
I'd drink in the bloody
lounge bar. huh?
I've had women up to here.
Come on. Polly. Help your sister.
Set the table. girl.
There are reports that they've had
at least one sighting of the Virgin.
Oh. no wonder we got it...
Why. Boog?
Don't know.
You don't know?
Do you know you
have to go to court tomorrow?
Do you remember what Bennett said?
Jeez. Boog. what's
bloody wrong with you?
Don't know.
When you were a kid.
you wouldn't even take
a piece of fruit without asking.
You're going to come
tomorrow. aren't you. Mom?
Yes. we'll be there. Will you?
Yeah. Just keep your hands
in your pockets there. brother.
Come on. bro. I'd just
like to see them smile.
Oh. you mean like this?
You dirty bastard.
I can make mine smile all right.
I just can't make the woman happy.
I took a big feed
of seafood home today...
bloody everything.
Just wanted to put
a smile on her face.
You think she'd let me? No chance.
All I told her was I got laid off.
Anyone would have thought I told her
that my prick dropped off.
Laid off twice in one day. eh. bro?
Poor bastard.
Whoo-hoo-hoo!
You're leaving home in the morning
You come on home in the night
Ooh. babe...
Fucking beautiful.
And when I ask you. babe
You just say. you're right
But you don't know
What my heart's been going through
Staying up late
Just waitin' on you
When will you be the one for me?
Oh. yeah. without your love
I can't make it
You're all...
Gee. where did you
get those muscles from?
Bro. you've been lifting
those weights. huh?
What. you've done lag?
Am I right?
You want to fuck with me?
You should learn
to pay your respects.
In case you want
to know. it's Jake...
Jake the Muss.
Mmm. loving you is all I need. boy
I was right... too much weights.
not enough speed work.
Useless prick.
Cheers.
Into me
Am I not enough for you...
Party at my place tonight. boys.
Come on. Poll. Bed.
Come on. Hu.
Hurry up. Polly.
Thanks. Bub.
- Good night. Mum.
- Night-night. Polly.
You. too. mister.
You've got a big day tomorrow.
You won't forget. eh. Mum?
How can I forget
with you reminding me
every 5 minutes?
Good night. son.
Good night. Mum.
Whoo-hoo!
Your old man was
sure swinging tonight.
He'll be swinging. all right.
by the time I've finished with him.
Did you hear he got the sack?
Doesn't surprise me. girl...
days he took off.
Beth. babe.
Dooley!
You should have seen
the Muss in action.
It was beautiful.
He decked a bloody gorilla.
He was big. Man. was he big.
Fucking huge.
It has to be said...
almost as big as that
thing in Bully's pants.
Notice he said almost. ladies?
Yeah. right.
Hey. girl. you should have
seen him. though.
Dool's right... big...
and bloody ugly.
Well. he didn't get
everything right. though.
Well. it's just that Bully
isn't that big. girl.
- Whoo!
Mmm. you're hot tonight. girl.
Yeah. ever since Jake
put his hand halfway up my skirt.
Ooh. I might have to
go home early tonight.
Yo. Mave. Give us a song.
Come on. Mave!
How about you and Beth sing for me?
- Yeah!
OK. OK. OK.
Give us a G. Give us a G.
Well. I've tried
- Whoo!
As hard as I can
Just to make you
Understand
'Cause the world
It won't stop
It keeps goin'
Goin' round and round
I guess the nature
The nature of love
Hurts always. always
What are you doing?
Couldn't you sleep. either?
Aren't they beautiful
when they're like that?
I wish I could see them.
I remember
They're just drunk. That's all.
All those yesterdays
People show their true feelings
when they're drunk.
Understanding
Man. Gracie. you've got
some far-out ideas.
I thought Mum said
you were growing up.
At least I'm not going
to court tomorrow.
Oh. sorry. Boog.
I didn't mean it.
Oh. what the hell.
What's the worst that can happen?
The nature of love
And it's always.
always been this way
So. now. my lover
There'll be no other
The stars in the heavens
Will shine forever
Moments we treasure
You and I in love
So. darlin'
Here is my heart
Ohh
Yeah
- Whoo!
You're a hard lady. Bethie.
And you're a hard man. Jakey.
Play another one. someone.
Next time. watch what you say
in front of the fucking women!
How's that for true feelings?
Oh. don't play that shit. friend.
Play something we all know.
Later!
Have a feed. Have a feed.
Have a feed.
Hey. Mavis. come have
a drink with me. mate!
What's up with bloody Millie?
Is she spoiling the party. or what?
Too much gin and not enough sex.
Hey. hey. hey.
I'm not going to miss out tonight.
Dooley. eh?
Strike when the pants
are ready to drop.
Looks like they've
already dropped. Mave.
Bloody bastard!
Never mind him. Mave.
Come have a feed.
There's still a bit left
in the bottom.
Dooley. what the fuck
are you doing?
You're with me!
Got any money?
Money?
What for?
You don't need money.
You got everything
you want right here.
You got booze. food.
The old man.
Don't give me your bullshit excuses!
Come on. Let's go.
Have a drink with me. son.
Remember how we used to
talk and laugh?
We could talk and talk.
you and me.
Remember?
You're drunk.
I'm not drunk.
I'm happy.
Then you're out of your fuckin' head.
Oh. I'm so sorry. babe.
I didn't... hang on.
Hang on. son. I got some money.
Hey. cook us some eggs. eh. Beth?
Ooh. and some bacon.
Fuck off!
What the fuck's going on?
I asked for some eggs. but...
Cook the man some eggs.
You want eggs?
Well. have the bloody lot of them!
It's OK. man.
Cook the man some fucking eggs.
Do it yourself. Jake!
I'm not the fuckin' slave
around here. Jake!
No. you can...
You're a fuckin' coward!
Leave her alone.
you fucking bastard!
Stop it! Stop it!
It's OK. Poll.
Shh! Shh!
Shush. Hu.
Shh!
I want Mummy!
Shush. Hu.
It's OK. Poll.
Your fuckin' mouth!
You do as you're fucking told!
Fuck. Last time. I got 20 bucks.
So what are you up to. Gracie?
You could help.
Not me. Waste of bloody time.
You should leave it.
There'll be plenty of time
for you to clean up
after drunken fucking parties.
What do you mean?
When you get married. girl.
Who said I want to?
It's just the way things are.
No. The fellas around here
are too ugly.
It's just a matter of time. Gracie.
Who did the prick smack over?
Grace?
The fuckin' bastard!
Where are you going?
Out of this fuckin' hole!
They've eaten the whole lot.
I'm hungry.
How about some Chinese?
Yuck!
Where's Mum?
Well. she's not bloody here. is she?
Look. there's one more pea.
Mum?
Yeah. I know. Boog.
Do you want an aspirin?
Listen. Boog...
Grace can go with you. eh?
Give a good impression.
I'm not feeling the best. son.
Just give me time to wash up.
Nothing that a good
coffee won't fix.
I'll catch a later bus.
OK. Boog?
Ya. sure.
We love the reggae girls.
we love the reggae girls
The reggae music make you
jump and stomp. yes
dance and prance. yes
So everybody come
and shake your butt. yes
'Cause this the music.
and I'm the best. yes
And this is something
that they must confess. yes...
Do you reckon we should go in?
Nah. Wait for Mum.
Come on. son. We're running late.
Didn't I tell you I was
picking you up this morning?
Forgot.
Come on.
Bit of trouble
at your place last night.
Look. Mark. I have to be honest.
You're on remand.
The cops say they
found you on the streets.
They're going to try
and persuade the judge
that your parents can't control you.
I've seen your mother.
I don't think she's going
to make it here this morning.
She's going to catch a later bus.
- Morning.
- Hi.
Mark. you ready? Better go in.
Come on.
Nig Heke. eh?
Son of Jake the Muss.
You a bit of a chip off
the old block. boy?
I'm nothing like him.
Yeah. we'll see.
So today's the day. boy.
Judgment day.
How bad do you want in?
Didn't hear you. boy.
I want a patch.
You hear that. brothers?
He wants a patch.
You'll have to get through me first.
Do all right with women. boy?
I do all right.
Must be your flashy smile. eh?
Value your teeth?
You like your pretty-boy face.
Call you Michael Jackson.
except we'll rearrange it for free.
You think about that. boy.
before you think about any patch.
Is that right. Mark?
You admit to the burglaries?
And what about these
motor-vehicle charges?
Will you be withdrawing those?
Yes. your honor. but we recommend
that Mark goes into
social welfare custody.
Take your hat off. please. sergeant.
We picked him up yesterday.
Sir. it's pretty clear
that his parents
can't look after him.
And. um...
what do you two have?
I'm in a difficult position.
I've had no contact
with Mark's parents. and...
Yes. well. I was hoping
the boy's mother would be here today.
I was around there this morning.
and after what I saw...
I don't think Mark
should be at home.
Yes. Yes. All right.
Things seem to be going
from bad to worse
for you. don't they. Mark?
Under the circumstances.
if your parents can't control you.
I'll have to remand you
in social welfare custody.
Nig Heke's brother.
Looks like a fucking poofter to me.
Baby. you can fuck
with me any day.
Now. you can either
do this the hard way.
or you can make it work for you.
- It's your choice.
- What do you mean?
You can let me help you.
and you might learn something.
or you could end up in jail.
Because that's where you're heading.
Sorry to interrupt.
Can I see you a moment?
Uh. yeah. I'll see you outside.
Please try. Boog.
It can't be that bad. eh?
At least you'll be doing
something different.
Hey. I could even write to you.
I've never had anyone
to write to before.
Gee. girl. you started without me.
Jeez. woman. is that the result
of one hell of an orgasm or what?
What the hell happened?
Same old story.
Never learn to keep my mouth shut.
Help yourself to a beer.
Ah. what the hell.
Surprised there's any left.
Well. you know the rules. girl.
Keep your mouth shut
and your legs open.
Didn't get to court. then. eh?
Like this?
Do more harm than good.
Welfare came round this morning.
Promised Boog I'd be there for him.
That boy's got to learn
to stand on his own two feet.
You're going to
have to take a chain saw
to those apron strings. girl.
He's not strong
like the others. Mave.
Ah. shit. I remember
when he was a wee fella.
Couldn't tear him off you.
He'll be all right.
It's Nig I'd worry about.
It doesn't seem
like that long ago
that Nig was a baby.
Well. he's not a baby anymore.
that's for sure!
Jeez. you should have
seen Jake. Mave.
boasting about his baby boy...
till Nig started crying at night.
That's about when those
two parted company.
Ain't that the truth?
Bloody men.
Jeez. he was a beautiful baby. Mave.
Oh. enough bloody talk. girl.
Hit the fella over the head!
Tell him to wake his ideas up.
Bloody gangs.
Kati!
So how you doing. boy?
The brothers can't hear you. boy.
Timata!
Kati!
Brother.
now you've met your new family.
Grace!
I wanted to be there. Grace.
I couldn't.
They'd have sent him away.
You've seen the state of me. Bub.
They did.
They did. Mum.
They sent Boog away.
But how can they do that...
just take someone's son away?
It's OK. Mum.
Boog seemed OK.
He should be at home with us.
Can't a man get some
fuckin' sleep around here?
Fuck. woman. you look fucking awful.
Go clean yourself up.
This is as cleaned up
as I get. you bastard.
Tried getting cleaned up
all morning
so I could go to court with our son.
Our son. Jake!
What the fuck's Nig been up to?
You have no idea. do you?
Boogie!
Boogie? Is that right?
He's gone. Jake.
He's gone to welfare. and you slept
through the whole bloody thing.
Is that all?
Is that what all this
slamming of fucking doors.
crying. and carrying on is about?
Fuck!
The boy is soft.
It'll toughen him up.
Anyone would think
he bloody died or something.
Hey. so go do something
about the way you look.
You're starting to
make me feel fucking sick.
You did this to me. you bastard.
I hope you spew your guts out.
You know your fucking
problem. eh. woman?
You're too bloody lippy.
too bloody smart-mouthed.
You're a bad example
for the fucking kids.
Always writing. aren't you?
Too fucking smart.
You'll end up like
your mother here.
I hate him.
Bring your book here. Bub.
What you been writing?
I was going to write to Boog.
You got a good nature. girl.
Mr. Bennett said we could visit.
It's all right for those fellas.
They've got everything
at their fingertips...
flashy car. plenty of money.
Easy for them.
Knew we couldn't.
I didn't say we couldn't.
It just won't be easy.
Got to find the money.
Do you think we could?
Yes. Yes. I do.
I promise.
I love you. Mum.
I love you. too. Bub.
Come and suck on this.
You fellas are too ugly.
Did you hear? Boog got sent away.
Yeah. I heard.
- Boys' home. right?
- Ya.
- You want a puff?
- Nah.
Well. yeah. Why not?
He's going to be OK. though.
And you know why?
Because Mum said we can visit...
you know. as a family.
Isn't that choice?
Yeah. Yeah. Choice.
What do you think
it'll be like?
What? The boys' home?
Got to be better than this car.
You going to hold on to that
till it goes out?
Oh. Sorry.
You're the only one
I can talk to.
You know that. Toot?
Yeow. G. Best mates...
forever.
250 smackeroonies.
Fuckin' beautiful.
Fuckin' tin-ass.
Must be your shout. eh. bro?
Yeah. all right. all right.
Well. bloody hell.
I should have brought
the video camera.
Get out and stay out.
you fucking bastard!
Hey. Muss.
Have a win on the Gigis. Muss?
Look at the bloody
state of you. man.
You're a fucking mess.
Don't you ever speak
to me again. you hear?
You might spoil my night.
Good evening. ladies.
I've just had a bit of a windfall.
and since you're looking
so bloody beautiful.
I thought I might buy
you gals a drink.
especially the one
standing here
in his fucking party dress.
Barman. 6 milk shakes. eh?
Easy on the ice cream.
Ooh. Forget it. lady.
You looked better
before you turned around.
Fuck. boy. you're too much.
If you want to be
like your old man.
learn how to stand
on your own two feet.
Fuck. Is that your old man?
Piss off.
I don't have an old man.
You're still a bloody
attractive woman.
You mean after you
take to me with your fists?
You make me sick.
Oh. hon. you still
on about the other week?
I told you. I'm sorry.
And I told you
when I get like that.
get out of my way.
But you have to get
all lippy on me.
I got a temper on me.
but who hasn't?
You're priceless.
Well. at least I try
to make it up to you.
Get off me. Jake.
Oh. you're a hard lady.
Hey. where do you think
you're going?
Sit down and keep a man company.
I've got things to think about.
Like what?
Since when were you interested?
Well. if you can't tell
by the way I just grabbed you.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-